.\" Manpage for vboreplay
.\" Author: Christian Berger <christian.berger@gu.se>.

.TH vboreplay 1 "11 October 2015" "1.0.0" "vboreplay man page"

.SH NAME
vboreplay \- This tool allows to replay raw VBOX message dumps in VBO format supplied via stdin as EgoStates to an OpenDaVINCI conference.



.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vboreplay --cid=<CID> [OPTIONS] < myVBOXRecordingInVBOformat.vbo



.SH DESCRIPTION
vboreplay is a tool to read raw VBOX message dumps in VBO format from stdin and
replays the individual messages converted as EgoState to a running
OpenDaVINCI conference.

This tool can only be used within an existing OpenDaVINCI container conference session
created by odsupercomponent(1).



.SH OPTIONS
.B --cid=<CID>
.RS
This parameter specifies the conference identifier (CID) that is used to join a
running container conference session. The session itself needs to be created by
odsupercomponent(1).
.RE


.B --freq=<FREQ>
.RS
This parameter specifies the runtime frequency in Hz that is used to run vboreplay.
If this parameter is omitted, a runtime frequency of 1 Hz is used.
.RE


.B --realtime=<0..49>
.RS
This parameter will schedule vboreplay to use the SCHED_FIFO soft realtime
scheduler. The parameter specifies the scheduling priority.

Please note that this feature is only available on Linux-based systems having a
CONFIG_PREEMPT_RT kernel. In addition, vboreplay needs to be executed with
superuser privileges.

This parameter has no effect if odsupercomponent(1) is started using the
parameter '--managed'.
.RE


.B --verbose=<0..10>
.RS
This parameter specifies the verbosity level that is used to print some information to stdlog.
.RE



.SH EXAMPLES
The following command runs the program at 10 Hz replaying the content from myCANdump.asc with
100ms delay between the separate messages.

.B vboreplay --cid=111 --freq=10 < myDumpFile.vbo



.SH SEE ALSO
odsupercomponent(1)



.SH BUGS
No known bugs.



.SH AUTHOR
Christian Berger (christian.berger@gu.se)

