.\" Manpage for csvreplay
.\" Author: Christian Berger <christian.berger@gu.se>.

.TH csvreplay 1 "08 January 2016" "1.0.0" "csvreplay man page"

.SH NAME
csvreplay \- This tool allows to replay GPS recordings from a CSV file supplied via stdin as EgoStates and WGS84 coordinates to an OpenDaVINCI conference.



.SH SYNOPSIS
.B csvreplay --cid=<CID> [OPTIONS] < myGPSRecordings.csv



.SH DESCRIPTION
csvreplay is a tool to read GPS recordings in a comma-separated format from
stdin and replays the individual messages converted as EgoState and WGS84Coordinate
to a running OpenDaVINCI conference. The CSV file needs to have 32 fields and the
latitude/longitude coordinate needs to be in field 4 and 5.

This tool can only be used within an existing OpenDaVINCI container conference session
created by odsupercomponent(1).



.SH OPTIONS
.B --cid=<CID>
.RS
This parameter specifies the conference identifier (CID) that is used to join a
running container conference session. The session itself needs to be created by
odsupercomponent(1).
.RE


.B --freq=<FREQ>
.RS
This parameter specifies the runtime frequency in Hz that is used to run csvreplay.
If this parameter is omitted, a runtime frequency of 1 Hz is used.
.RE


.B --realtime=<0..49>
.RS
This parameter will schedule csvreplay to use the SCHED_FIFO soft realtime
scheduler. The parameter specifies the scheduling priority.

Please note that this feature is only available on Linux-based systems having a
CONFIG_PREEMPT_RT kernel. In addition, csvreplay needs to be executed with
superuser privileges.

This parameter has no effect if odsupercomponent(1) is started using the
parameter '--managed'.
.RE


.B --verbose=<0..10>
.RS
This parameter specifies the verbosity level that is used to print some information to stdlog.
.RE



.SH EXAMPLES
The following command runs the program at 10 Hz replaying the content from myDumpFile.csv with
100ms delay between the separate messages.

.B csvreplay --cid=111 --freq=10 < myDumpFile.csv



.SH SEE ALSO
odsupercomponent(1)



.SH BUGS
No known bugs.



.SH AUTHOR
Christian Berger (christian.berger@gu.se)

